# New_EmployeeDetails_Automation
####To Automate a process which takes New Employee Details as Input Varaibale, Completes a web application Form to generate New EmployeeID and EmailAdress launches Notepad using App/Web recorder and saves the generated EmployeeID and Email in a file calle 'Employee_Details using UIPATH STUDIO, 8/04/2022
#### By **Tonny Olaru**
## Description.
This Automation Request for New Employee Details, saves details as variables. Writes the variables into a browser to Auto-generate Employee ID, and Email Address. Reads the Autogenerated Employee ID and Email Address and stores as Variables to Written on Notepad File, Saved as Employee_Details and closes the Notepad after 0.9sec. .
## Setup/Installation Requirements
This webpage uses UIPATH STUDIO and is strictly for learning purposes. or learning purposes. the link to the page is https://github.com/Ochieng-28/NameArrayExercise.git
## Known Bugs
After the first Execution, the File name exist and will require you to delete it else, the subsequent details will require you to manually replace the existing file name.
## Technologies Used
For this exercise, one needs the understanding of the following;
    1. Uipath Studio
    2. WorkingUIPATH Auto-recorders(App/Web recorders)
    3. Creation of variables and use of Properties panel
    4. UIPATH Activities usage
## Support and contact details
This page is purely for Learning Purposes atleast for now. I invite any improvement and corrections through my contacts toniolaru@gmail.com.
### License
*Determine the license under which this application can be used.  See below for more details on licensing.*
Copyright (c) 2022 **Moringaschool RPA class**
